---
date: 2023-03-07
---

# 3/7/23 ASU Board Meeting Notes

## Budget

- Finalized budget is needed by April 1
  - Res Life Panel
  - End of Year Party
  - Extra Advocacy Event
- April 24 is the last day for reimbursements.

## Upcoming Events

### MARCH EVENTS

- March 9th (Thurs) – St. Patrick’s Day Party. 5:30-7:30 pm – IDE Lounge
  - Agenda looks good!
  - Who will help set up and tear down/clean up? Offer up to 1 hour of CSER for helping.
  - Who will shop for the party supplies and food?
- March 18th (Sat) – Bi-weekly meeting in IDE Lounge.
  - Facilitator: Ben. Topic: Hyperfixation.
  - Dr. Warren send Ben a few research article highlights.
- March 23rd (Thurs) – CEC Panel (Ben + 3 students?). 7:00-8:15 pm. Location???
  - Ben will recruit students for the panel.
  - Topic: Experiences with teachers at every level of education and what they could improve upon.

### APRIL EVENTS

- April 1st (Sat) – Bi-weekly meeting in ODAS Lounge
  - Topic: Club Name Change
- April 3rd (Mon) - Fireside Chat w/Dan Hall – IDE Lounge
- April 5th (Wed) - Convo Shoutout – Presidential Box confirmed!
- April 14th (Fri) - Autism Walk, 7pm _tentative_
- April 15th (Sat) - Bi-weekly meeting in IDE Lounge
  - Topic: Unknown currently
- April 21st (Fri) - Students on the Spectrum Panel, 7pm _tentative_
- April 28th (Fri) - Autism Mixer, 7pm _tentative_
- April 29th (Sat) - Bi-weekly meeting + End of Year Party in IDE Lounge, 1:00-3:00 pm
  - Topic: ASU Year in Review + PARTY!!!
- April ??? – Cookout at the Cashions
- April ??? – Res Life Panel

### OTHER APRIL EVENTS TBD

- ~~Easter Party????~~
- April TBA – World Help Processing. **Hannah – is there an update on this event?**
- End of Year Party?????

## Merchandise

- Merch
  - 100 Silicone bracelets $60
  - 100 Temporary tattoos $30
  - 200 Stickers $75
  - 50 Water bottles or mugs $100
- General colors
- Design
- Message

## Future Direction of Club

- Audrey draft email to club for new name and design – send Dr. Warren a draft first
- School of Education – Dr. Warren will schedule meeting with Dr. Battige, and ASU board members to discuss. Week after spring break.
- SGA – Audrey will request a meeting with SGA representative, Dr. Warren, and ASU board members to discuss club name change or closure and start of new club. Week after spring break.
- Autism Speaks - Audrey
