---
date: 2023-04-04
---

# 4/4/23 ASU Board Meeting Notes

## Prayer

- Ben
- All students
- University leadership
- ASU events 😊

## Questions

- Has the budget been finalized? Due by April 1

## Name Change Update

- Timeline
  - Popular vote due Saturday
  - Top 3 names will be sent out on 4/8
  - Top name revealed on 4/29 at end of year party
- Dr. Warren follow up with D. Shinkle re: graphic design help and colors. See if he would be willing to connect with Ben.
  - Did not follow up with D. Shinkle, but we have someone in CASAS who can help with design!

## Upcoming Events

### APRIL EVENTS

- April 1st (Sat) – Bi-weekly meeting in ODAS Lounge
  - Topic: Club Name Change
- April 3rd (Mon) - Fireside Chat w/Dan Hall – IDE Lounge
- April 5th (Wed) - Convo Shoutout – Presidential Box confirmed!
- April 15th (Sat) - Bi-weekly meeting in IDE Lounge
  - Topic: Career Services – Job searching and interview preparation
- April 21st (Fri) - Autism Walk, 7pm
- April 22nd – Cookout at the Cashions – Hannah follow up with Dr. Cashion
- April _25_, 5:30-6:30pm??? – Res Life Panel
  - **_Dr. Warren and Board Members draft a proposed presentation before we contact Res Life folks_**
  - Similar to ODAS Panel from last year but invite representatives from Res Life
  - Also include a few ASU students
  - Scenario/situational
    - Res Life: “How would you handle....?”
    - ASD students: “How would you like to see this handled?”
- April 28th (Fri) - Students on the Spectrum Panel, 7pm, IDE Lounge
  - Panelists: Ben, Abby, Audrey, Dr. Warren
- April 29th (Sat) - Bi-weekly meeting + End of Year Party in IDE Lounge, 1:00-3:00 pm
  - Topic: ASU Year in Review + PARTY!!!

### TO DISCUSS AT NEXT BOARD MEETING

- CSER hours structure for next year
- Name change

### OTHER APRIL EVENTS TBD

- ~~Easter Party????~~
- World Help Processing. Move to next year.
- End of Year Party????? Yes!

## Merchandise

- Merch
  - 100 Silicone bracelets $60
  - 100 Temporary tattoos $30
  - 200 Stickers $75
  - 50 Water bottles or mugs $100
- General colors
- Design
- Message

## Future Direction of Club

- Club members are voting on new name. What is the deadline?
- School of Education – Dr. Warren will schedule meeting with Dr. Battige, and ASU board members to discuss.
